Coccygeus: The coccyx is a small triangular bone and is often asymmetrical in shape. It usually consists of four fused rudimentary vertebrae.
R-IliacCrest: The ilium is the superior border of the hip bone. Its ends project  as anterior and posterior superior iliac spines, and it is palpable at the lateral end of the inguinal fold. It is made up of Anterior superior iliac spine and Crest.
R-IschialSpine: The Ischium is the inferoposterior part of hip bone, has a body and ramus. The body has upper and lower ends and femoral, posterior and pelvic surfaces. It is made up of Spine and Tuberosity.
PubicSymphysis: The pubis is the ventral part of the hip bone and forms a medial cartilaginous pubic symphysis with its fellow. The body of the pubis occupies the anteriomedial part of bone, made up of Tubercle, Crest, and Pubic Symphysis.
SacrospinousLigament: The sacrospinous ligament is a triangular ligament, his base is attached to the outer edge of the sacrum and coccyx, and the tip of the ligament attaches to the spine of the ischium. 
Sacrotuberous Ligament: The sacrotuberous ligament is attached by its broad base to the posterior superior iliac spine, the posterior sacroiliac ligaments (with which it is partly blended), to the lower transverse sacral tubercles and lateral margins of the lower sacrum and upper coccyx.
ObturatorInternus: The obturator membrane attaches to the margins of the obturator foramen, almost completely closes the obturator foramen of the hip bone, except for the obturator canal, which serves as a passageway for the obturator blood vessels and nerves.
PudendalNerve: It exits through the greater sciatic foramen, surrounds the sciatic spine and the spinous sacral ligament and traverses the minor sciatic foramen. It innervates the perineum and the lateral Wall of the pelvis. Its motor functions are innervates muscles of the perineum, external sphincters of the anus and urethra, levator anus muscle. Its sensitive functions are skin of the perineum, penis and clitoris. 